README.md, before:

### Hi there, I'm Spencer 👋

## I'm a self-taught developer, musician, & disc golf enthusiast

- 🏆 Favorite Original Project: [Calculator 2.0 App](https://github.com/Spencer-Sch/Calculator_2.0)
- 🔨 Current Project: a [craft-project tracking app](https://github.com/Spencer-Sch/ravelry-clone) for my wife
- 🌱 Learning Queue: TypeScript, Practice Projects
- 👯 Looking to collaborate with other content creators
- 🥅 2022 Goals: Land my first dev job
- ⚡ Fun fact: I am a professional [drum set performer](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xQjwAfeLmGw), [educator](https://inthekeyofrhythm.com/lessons/), and [author](https://inthekeyofrhythm.com/product/making-a-drummer/)

### Connect with me:

[<img align="left" alt="codeSTACKr.com" width="22px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/iconic/open-iconic/master/svg/globe.svg" />][website]
[<img align="left" alt="codeSTACKr | LinkedIn" width="22px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@v3/icons/linkedin.svg" />][linkedin]

<br />

### Languages and Tools:

<img align="left" alt="Visual Studio Code" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/visual-studio-code/visual-studio-code.png" />
<img align="left" alt="HTML5" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/html/html.png" />
<img align="left" alt="CSS3" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/css/css.png" />
<img align="left" alt="JavaScript" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/javascript/javascript.png" />
<img align="left" alt="Jest" width="26px" src="https://symbols.getvecta.com/stencil_85/20_jest-icon.aff64ab210.svg" />
<img align="left" alt="React" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/react/react.png" />
<img align="left" alt="MUI" width="26px" src="https://camo.githubusercontent.com/306dedb9426f1d93a981d305a0a18164932ece8dca4d5fd820b1d3c36625b218/68747470733a2f2f6d75692e636f6d2f7374617469632f6c6f676f2e737667" />
<img align="left" alt="Git" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/git/git.png" />
<img align="left" alt="GitHub" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/78df643247d429f6cc873026c0622819ad797942/topics/github/github.png" />
<img align="left" alt="Terminal" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/terminal/terminal.png" />

<br />
<br />

---

### 🎓 Relevant Coursework:

- [CSS - The Complete Guide](https://www.udemy.com/course/css-the-complete-guide-incl-flexbox-grid-sass/) by Maximilian Schwarzmuller
- [JavaScript - The Complete Guide](https://www.udemy.com/course/javascript-the-complete-guide-2020-beginner-advanced/) by Maximilian Schwarzmuller
- [React - The Complete Guide](https://www.udemy.com/course/react-the-complete-guide-incl-redux/) by Maximilian Schwarzmuller
- [JavaScript Algorithms and Data Structures Masterclass](https://www.udemy.com/course/js-algorithms-and-data-structures-masterclass/) by Colt Steele
- [The Git & Github Bootcamp](https://www.udemy.com/course/git-and-github-bootcamp/) by Colt Steele
- [The 50 Most Popular Linux & Terminal Commands](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZtqBQ68cfJc) by Colt Steele
- [Clean Code](https://www.udemy.com/course/writing-clean-code/) by Maximilian Schwarzmuller
- [50 Project In 50 Days - HTML, CSS & JavaScript](https://www.udemy.com/course/50-projects-50-days/) by Brad Traversy

---

[website]: https://inthekeyofrhythm.com
[linkedin]: https://www.linkedin.com/in/spencer-schoeneman-b621908b/
[youtube]: https://www.youtube.com/user/InTheKeyOfRhythm

Commit message:

added AWS For Front-End Engineers to Relevant Coursework

README.md, after:

### Hi there, I'm Spencer 👋

## I'm a self-taught developer, musician, & disc golf enthusiast

- 🏆 Favorite Original Project: [Calculator 2.0 App](https://github.com/Spencer-Sch/Calculator_2.0)
- 🔨 Current Project: a [craft-project tracking app](https://github.com/Spencer-Sch/ravelry-clone) for my wife
- 🌱 Learning Queue: TypeScript, Practice Projects
- 👯 Looking to collaborate with other content creators
- 🥅 2022 Goals: Land my first dev job
- ⚡ Fun fact: I am a professional [drum set performer](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xQjwAfeLmGw), [educator](https://inthekeyofrhythm.com/lessons/), and [author](https://inthekeyofrhythm.com/product/making-a-drummer/)

### Connect with me:

[<img align="left" alt="codeSTACKr.com" width="22px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/iconic/open-iconic/master/svg/globe.svg" />][website]
[<img align="left" alt="codeSTACKr | LinkedIn" width="22px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@v3/icons/linkedin.svg" />][linkedin]

<br />

### Languages and Tools:

<img align="left" alt="Visual Studio Code" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/visual-studio-code/visual-studio-code.png" />
<img align="left" alt="HTML5" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/html/html.png" />
<img align="left" alt="CSS3" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/css/css.png" />
<img align="left" alt="JavaScript" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/javascript/javascript.png" />
<img align="left" alt="Jest" width="26px" src="https://symbols.getvecta.com/stencil_85/20_jest-icon.aff64ab210.svg" />
<img align="left" alt="React" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/react/react.png" />
<img align="left" alt="MUI" width="26px" src="https://camo.githubusercontent.com/306dedb9426f1d93a981d305a0a18164932ece8dca4d5fd820b1d3c36625b218/68747470733a2f2f6d75692e636f6d2f7374617469632f6c6f676f2e737667" />
<img align="left" alt="Git" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/git/git.png" />
<img align="left" alt="GitHub" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/78df643247d429f6cc873026c0622819ad797942/topics/github/github.png" />
<img align="left" alt="Terminal" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/terminal/terminal.png" />

<br />
<br />

---

### 🎓 Relevant Coursework:

- [CSS - The Complete Guide](https://www.udemy.com/course/css-the-complete-guide-incl-flexbox-grid-sass/) by Maximilian Schwarzmuller
- [JavaScript - The Complete Guide](https://www.udemy.com/course/javascript-the-complete-guide-2020-beginner-advanced/) by Maximilian Schwarzmuller
- [React - The Complete Guide](https://www.udemy.com/course/react-the-complete-guide-incl-redux/) by Maximilian Schwarzmuller
- [JavaScript Algorithms and Data Structures Masterclass](https://www.udemy.com/course/js-algorithms-and-data-structures-masterclass/) by Colt Steele
- [The Git & Github Bootcamp](https://www.udemy.com/course/git-and-github-bootcamp/) by Colt Steele
- [The 50 Most Popular Linux & Terminal Commands](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZtqBQ68cfJc) by Colt Steele
- [Clean Code](https://www.udemy.com/course/writing-clean-code/) by Maximilian Schwarzmuller
- [50 Project In 50 Days - HTML, CSS & JavaScript](https://www.udemy.com/course/50-projects-50-days/) by Brad Traversy
- Selected to attend [AWS for Front-End Engineers](https://www.frontendmasters.com/) at FrontendMasters.com

---

[website]: https://inthekeyofrhythm.com
[linkedin]: https://www.linkedin.com/in/spencer-schoeneman-b621908b/
[youtube]: https://www.youtube.com/user/InTheKeyOfRhythm
